Fix handling of escaped identifiers containing dots (#1610)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/1610.bugfix.rst

> Fixes handling of escaped identifiers containing regex special characters (e.g. dots).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes handling of escaped identifiers containing characters that are special in regular expressions (e.g. dots).
```
